README.md, before:

# algorithm-challenger
Algorithm Challenger.

# version 0.0.20
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 7, quick sort algorithm with randomized partion pivot
#### algorithm in language C,R,Scala

# version 0.0.19
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 7, quick sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language C,R,Scala

# version 0.0.18
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, bucket sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language R

# version 0.0.17
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, radix sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language R

# version 0.0.16
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, bucket sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language C

# version 0.0.15
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, radix sort algorithm
### chapter 8, bucket sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language Scala

# version 0.0.14
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, bucket sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language C

# version 0.0.13
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, radix sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language C

# version 0.0.12
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language Haskell

# version 0.0.11
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language Go

# version 0.0.10
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language CPP

# version 0.0.9
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language Ruby

# version 0.0.8
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language Perl

# version 0.0.7
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language Swift

# version 0.0.6
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language PHP

# version 0.0.5
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language Java

# version 0.0.4
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language Python

# version 0.0.3
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language Scala

# version 0.0.2
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language R

# version 0.0.1
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language C

Commit message:

the heap sort algorithm in language C/Scala/R

README.md, after:

# algorithm-challenger
Algorithm Challenger.

# version 0.0.21
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 6, heap sort algorithm with randomized partion pivot
#### algorithm in language C,R,Scala

# version 0.0.20
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 7, quick sort algorithm with randomized partion pivot
#### algorithm in language C,R,Scala

# version 0.0.19
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 7, quick sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language C,R,Scala

# version 0.0.18
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, bucket sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language R

# version 0.0.17
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, radix sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language R

# version 0.0.16
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, bucket sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language C

# version 0.0.15
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, radix sort algorithm
### chapter 8, bucket sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language Scala

# version 0.0.14
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, bucket sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language C

# version 0.0.13
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, radix sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language C

# version 0.0.12
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language Haskell

# version 0.0.11
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language Go

# version 0.0.10
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language CPP

# version 0.0.9
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language Ruby

# version 0.0.8
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language Perl

# version 0.0.7
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language Swift

# version 0.0.6
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language PHP

# version 0.0.5
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language Java

# version 0.0.4
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language Python

# version 0.0.3
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language Scala

# version 0.0.2
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language R

# version 0.0.1
## Introduction to Algorithm, 3rd Edition
### chapter 8, counting sort algorithm
#### algorithm in language C
