code-analysis/README.md, before:

# code-analysis
Code Analysis.
Analysis the Software Stack for the Main Architectures

## Machine Learning Framework
+ Scikit-learn
+ StatsModel
+ XGBoost
+ LightGBM


## Deep Learning Framework
+ Tensorflow
+ PyTorch
+ Keras
+ Core ML

## Reinforcement Learning Framework
+

## Auto ML Framework
+ AdaNet

## ML Engineering Framework
+ Streamlit

## Machine Translation

## NLP
+ BERT
+ XLNet
+ The pkuseg toolkit for multi-domain Chinese word segmentation
+ NLTK(Natural Language Toolkit)
+ Stanford CoreNLP
+ Gensim
+ SpaCy


## Voice
+ Kaldi


## Data Sciences Framework
+ SciPy
+ Numpy
+ Pandas
+ Dask
+ Numba

## Big Data Framework
+ Spark
+ Beam
+ Hadoop/MapReduce
+ Kylin
+ Storm
+ IBM STREAM
+ Flink
+ HBase
+ Hive
+ Impala
+ MongoDB
+ ElasticSearch
+ HDFS
+ Flume
+ Kafka
+ Yarn
+ Sqoop
+ Kettle
+ Oozie
+ Azkaabann
+ ZooKeeper
+ Taobao DataX

## Cloud 
+ Kubernates

## Queue
+ Redis
+ RabbitMQ


## Database
+ MySQL
+ MariaDB
+ PostgreSQL
+ GreenPlum



## Time Series DB
+ PinalyticsDB from Pinterest

## Graph DB

## Scheduling Tools
+ Airflow

## System Architect View
+ Lambda
+ Kappa
+ Unifield
+ IOTA

## OS
+ LINUX
+ FreeBSD
+ UNIX

## IDE
+ Jupyter Notebook
+ Zeppelin

## Programming Language
+ Assembly
+ Python
+ Kylin
+ JavaScript
+ C
+ C++
+ Java
+ Scala
+ R
+ Swift
+ PHP
+ BASH/Shell

## Kids Programming
+ Scratch

## Production Tools
+ Tmux
+ Git

## Virtualization
+ Docker

## Security
+ 

## Recommendation

## Search Engine

## Advertisement

## Visualization

## parallelisation
+ CUDA SDK

## IoT
+ MQTT/Mosquito
+ Protobuf

## Cloud Provider
+ AWS
+ Alibaba
+ UCloud
+ Microsoft

Commit message:

MAX, Python DL Package, Model Asset eXchange: Path to Ubiquitous Deep Learning Deployment, https://arxiv.org/abs/1909.01606

code-analysis/README.md, after:

# code-analysis
Code Analysis.
Analysis the Software Stack for the Main Architectures

## Machine Learning Framework
+ Scikit-learn
+ StatsModel
+ XGBoost
+ LightGBM


## Deep Learning Framework
+ Tensorflow
+ PyTorch
+ Keras
+ Core ML

## Tools for Efficiency Improvement with DL development
+ MAX, Python DL Package, Model Asset eXchange: Path to Ubiquitous Deep Learning Deployment, https://arxiv.org/abs/1909.01606

## Reinforcement Learning Framework
+

## Auto ML Framework
+ AdaNet

## ML Engineering Framework
+ Streamlit

## Machine Translation

## NLP
+ BERT
+ XLNet
+ The pkuseg toolkit for multi-domain Chinese word segmentation
+ NLTK(Natural Language Toolkit)
+ Stanford CoreNLP
+ Gensim
+ SpaCy


## Voice
+ Kaldi


## Data Sciences Framework
+ SciPy
+ Numpy
+ Pandas
+ Dask
+ Numba

## Big Data Framework
+ Spark
+ Beam
+ Hadoop/MapReduce
+ Kylin
+ Storm
+ IBM STREAM
+ Flink
+ HBase
+ Hive
+ Impala
+ MongoDB
+ ElasticSearch
+ HDFS
+ Flume
+ Kafka
+ Yarn
+ Sqoop
+ Kettle
+ Oozie
+ Azkaabann
+ ZooKeeper
+ Taobao DataX

## Cloud 
+ Kubernates

## Queue
+ Redis
+ RabbitMQ


## Database
+ MySQL
+ MariaDB
+ PostgreSQL
+ GreenPlum



## Time Series DB
+ PinalyticsDB from Pinterest

## Graph DB

## Scheduling Tools
+ Airflow

## System Architect View
+ Lambda
+ Kappa
+ Unifield
+ IOTA

## OS
+ LINUX
+ FreeBSD
+ UNIX

## IDE
+ Jupyter Notebook
+ Zeppelin

## Programming Language
+ Assembly
+ Python
+ Kylin
+ JavaScript
+ C
+ C++
+ Java
+ Scala
+ R
+ Swift
+ PHP
+ BASH/Shell

## Kids Programming
+ Scratch

## Production Tools
+ Tmux
+ Git

## Virtualization
+ Docker

## Security
+ 

## Recommendation

## Search Engine

## Advertisement

## Visualization

## parallelisation
+ CUDA SDK

## IoT
+ MQTT/Mosquito
+ Protobuf

## Cloud Provider
+ AWS
+ Alibaba
+ UCloud
+ Microsoft
